hey guys this is a rare find here this
1997 chaparral 310 signature it's a
second owner boat the boat is in
excellent condition rugs very well
freshwater pool
103 hours of matching on the motors
which is very unusual loaded with every
option it's a generator windlass AC here
notice the gel coat on this this this
boat has been born stored from the day
one if you if you would follow me over
in his cabin and take note on this
awesome glass it's frankly it looks
brand new everything about this code is
on a scale of 1 to 10 it's a nine-plus
got the Ark's got that new look always
looks good on the water again the
freshwater in running this boat very
unusual as well is every cage match the
RPMs are the same the voltage the tenth
gains are all matching as you running
the boat it does have gps fished under
the boat believe it or not but owners
were pilots it's never been slept in
it's never been cooked on if you would
come down in and kevin and let me show
you for example the microwave paperwork
everything's still and tight as you see
all this is very important and
purchasing a used boat everything has
been documented on this boat everything
that's ever been done is documented and
that's that's kind of oats you'd like
again never slip in everything's perfect
it's got a nice half cabin nice stand up
head plenty of room plenty of room and
again as you take note this boat is just
perfect
notice the seating you guys it's the
great perfect layout seating is perfect
it has a pool camper enclosure therefore
in our summer times you can enclose and
heavy AC in the cabin or in the cockpit
and you can heat it in the winter the
boat has twin 5.7 liter v8 Merc cruisers
notice again this is very critical in
the outdoors these are freshwater cool
everybody would love to have that it's a
very expensive option very strong
selling point for this boat here's a a
foldaway a stowaway seating in the back
of the transom does this boat is so
versatile you can stow that back seat
away and have plenty of room fish
actually UCS rocket launchers and as we
leave the boat has to walk through
transfer with a hot and cold shower on
the swim platform
all you guys for more information get
Chris or gentle Cole 850 244 1099 that
is our full nudes location